README.md, before:

# collabora
Installs collabora and runs it

## Requirements

Debian or Ubuntu with a webserver that exposes Collabora.
Note that SSL included in Collabora is deactivated and should be configured in your webserver.

## Role Variables


| Name                   | Required/Default      | Description                             |
|:-----------------------|:---------------------:|:----------------------------------------|
| `collabora_domain`     | :heavy_check_mark:    | Domain where your nextcloud is running  |
| `collabora_servername` | :heavy_check_mark:    | Domain the collabora instance runs on   |
| `collabora_password`   | :heavy_check_mark:    | Password for the Collabora Admin        |
| `collabora_username`   | `collabora_admin`     | Admin user for the web interface        |


## Example

```yaml
collabora:
  - collabora_domain: nextcloud.example.de
    collabora_username: admin
    collabora_password: YourPassword
    collabora_servername: collabora.example.de
```


## License

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).


## Author Information

 * [Rebekka Riedlinger (Rebexter)](https://github.com/Rebexter)_rebekka.riedlinger@stuvus.uni-stuttgart.de_
 * [Fritz Otlinghaus (Scriptkiddi)](https://github.com/Scriptkiddi) _fritz.otlinghaus@stuvus.uni-stuttgart.de_

Commit message:

feat: add a new 'collabora_version' variable
This new variable helps to install a different collabora online
version when needed. The version installed from the role used to be
6.0 now the default is 6.4.

README.md, after:

# collabora
Installs collabora and runs it

## Requirements

Debian or Ubuntu with a webserver that exposes Collabora.
Note that SSL included in Collabora is deactivated and should be configured in your webserver.

## Role Variables


| Name                   | Required/Default   | Description                            |
|:-----------------------|:------------------:|:---------------------------------------|
| `collabora_domain`     | :heavy_check_mark: | Domain where your nextcloud is running |
| `collabora_servername` | :heavy_check_mark: | Domain the collabora instance runs on  |
| `collabora_password`   | :heavy_check_mark: | Password for the Collabora Admin       |
| `collabora_username`   | `collabora_admin`  | Admin user for the web interface       |
| `collabora_version`    | `6.4`              | The version of collabora to install    |


## Example

```yaml
collabora:
  - collabora_domain: nextcloud.example.de
    collabora_username: admin
    collabora_password: YourPassword
    collabora_servername: collabora.example.de
```


## License

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).


## Author Information

 * [Rebekka Riedlinger (Rebexter)](https://github.com/Rebexter)_rebekka.riedlinger@stuvus.uni-stuttgart.de_
 * [Fritz Otlinghaus (Scriptkiddi)](https://github.com/Scriptkiddi) _fritz.otlinghaus@stuvus.uni-stuttgart.de_
